Uncle, what do you mean?
What do you mean?
I am the chairperson of the board of directors of the night market group
You can fire me even if you are just a vice president
Just because I am the new chairperson of the Night Market Group
My grandfather is the chairperson
Ye Bingtao, what happened to my grandfather?
Ouch, good niece.
Don't talk nonsense
Your grandfather is also my father
How could I be a slave to the old man?
Last night?
Grandpa went to Fencheng to discuss a business
A list is made possible by you
I am the deputy director of the group
Broke a deal for the night market group
What's wrong?
I have sent you to the project
Don't worry, don't fall asleep halfway.
Ouch.
Yanyang, this is your sister's boyfriend, right?
You really look like a coward
If it is undecided
So comfortable
I can let you continue to be arrogant
You even pretended to be cowardly and said so imposing
As expected of a professional who eats soft rice
Forget it, this chairperson?
Don't know the trash
Ladies and gentlemen, I first arrived at Haicheng Branch.
It takes three dogs.
Who would like to be my dog?